CorgFu.wiki/Glossary.md, before:

Glossary
========

### Answer ###

Piece of content submitted by Author in order to provide solution to a specific Question.

### AppUser ###

The user who is using a particular phone. There may be many AppUser at a time on separate phones.

### Author ###

AppUser who posted at least one Question, Answer, or Comment.
       
### BrowseQuestion ###

A screen to display all questions that are displayed or returned from a search result.

### Comment ###

Piece of content submitted by Author. Each comment is associated with Question or Answer, and provides additional details or explanation to the related Question or Answer. 
        
### Favourited ###

Questions that user has indicated are his favourite these will be stored for offline use.
        
### NonFavourite ###

All questions that user hasnt favourited. (I don't think we need this. ~Alex shev)

### Question ###

Piece of content submitted by Author who is looking for a solution for his question.

### VeiwQuestionAndAnswer ###

A view that displays a question and all the replies linked to that question as well as options for that question.
    
### Votes ###

A user selected up or down vote. Shows what app users think of a question or an answer.

Commit message:

#5:Introduced the concept of Content to give a better explanation of Answer, Comment, and Question in the wiki

CorgFu.wiki/Glossary.md, after:

Glossary
========

### Answer ###

Piece of content submitted by Author in order to provide solution to a specific Question.

### AppUser ###

The user who is using a particular phone. There may be many AppUser at a time on separate phones.

### Author ###

AppUser who posted at least one Question, Answer, or Comment.
       
### BrowseQuestion ###

A screen to display all questions that are displayed or returned from a search result.

### Comment ###

Piece of content submitted by Author. Each comment is associated with Question or Answer, and provides additional details or explanation to the related Question or Answer.

Sometimes Comment is also referred to as Reply.

### Content ###

Textual data that is encountered as part of the user experience. Typically, content is created by an Author.

To get a better idea what Content is, you can find [definition of Content on wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_%28media%29).

        
### Favourited ###

Questions that user has indicated as his favourite, will be stored for offline use.
        
### NonFavourite ###

All questions that user hasnt favourited. (I don't think we need this. ~Alex shev)

### Question ###

Piece of content submitted by Author who is looking for a solution to his question.

### VeiwQuestionAndAnswer ###

A view that displays a question and all the replies linked to that question as well as options for that question.
    
### Votes ###

A user selected up or down vote. Shows what app users think of a question or an answer.
